# Story



A story. I have built a total of zero apps for zero people. The apps that I've built have not had users; they've been projects, that's how I call the things I work on. But, I think, for the first time, I feel very strongly that I've built something that can be really helpful for people. And I don't think that that's the first time that I felt that, but I think it's the first time that's happened. You always think maybe what you're working on is aiming for something, but you know nothing has so far. At some point, I just realized either impossible or it's not worth it. These days, impossible has kind of left the vocabulary, and on top of that, I feel like what I'm working on can help people build things. It started with just a simple tool for myself that I thought would help me build and it has. As I started to use it, I don't know. I just began to work on it right there was a initial vision for something that was just going to allow me to save markdowns and just be able to plug them into different projects and build projects in these kinds of modular building block types of ways. They refer to this as spec-driven development, and it's very widespread. What I eventually learned is that I'm not the most organized person in the world. I'm not someone who keeps the most perfectly clean situation all the time. I do my best. I do a reasonable amount, but sometimes I just come home, I want to just lay on the couch, I want to just start coding, and then I take care of it later. And same approach happens with code as well. Sometimes I'm just trying to move forward. Sometimes I'm not doing the best thing, sometimes I'm not taking it slow and understanding every piece, and sometimes I can't. Now I think spec-driven development is powerful, and I think we all are kind of doing that in little ways. I wanted to build something that had flexibility, simplicity, and extendability. All these little buzzwords that for me actually mean a lot, and it means that you have a well-designed product and that you have something that people can latch onto in different ways. Eventually, I realized that I need to build something that's more open, and then worked my way back to the idea of the notebook and yeah, I didn't ever think of Obsidian along the way. It just made intuitive sense that I want to have a notebook in my project. I want to be able to send it there. And honestly, with something like a notebook, if you want that to be scalable, then you can't really use. I don't know. It's better to have it there directly with you. 